Meeting on Wed, 11 Feb 2015
Participants

    Alex
    Ben
    Eric
    Reid

Overview

    Created site map.
    Discussed prioritization of tasks.
    Tentatively divided tasks into sprints.
    Talked about layout of home page (cat list) and cat detail page.
    Created list of work items for S1.

Site Map

We talked in detail about the various pages we know of that will be required for our app. The best resources here are this image and this image which details the pages we talked about and the links between them.
Task Priorities

The basic rundown of tasks we came up with is as follows:

    Cat List
    Basic Cat Details
    Contact List
    Basic Contact Details
    Template layout
    Account creation/login
    Cat/contact/employee creation
    Volunteer time tracking (just by name, no accounts linked)
    Donations
    Add contact references (adopter, vet, fosterer) to cat pages
    Add cat references (adopted, fostered, expressed interest?) to person pages
    Cat/contact/employee modification
    Link Volunteers in time tracking with Contacts
    Mailing Lists
    Access control
    Advanced search
    Stats (split to be more detailed later)
    PetFinder auto-upload
    Merging accounts (for error correction)

Tentative Division into Sprints
Sprint 	Task Goal
1 	1—8
2 	9-14
3 	15-17
4 	17-19
Work Items for Sprint 2

    Cats
        Create the view listing all the cats for the home page.
        Create the detail view for each cat containing basic cat info.
            for now, ignore more complex features like medical records and notes
    People/Contacts
        Create the list view
        Create the detail view
    Template
        Update the main template to match the layout we discussed in the meeting
        Create the "glue" pages like /create which links to other pages like /new-cat and /new-contact which don't yet exist
    Volunteer time tracking
        Create the volunteer sign-in page
        For now, just store in the database a time sheet entry with person's name and time in
        In S2 we will be updating this to instead look up accounts and store that instead of name in the database.
    Login and Employee Edits - (Eric)
        Add login
        Add password
        Add field validation
        After add employee, create contact, then create employee in the employee create. 
        The employee has the property of a contact 
        Editing— edit contact property, have option to change password
    Donations
        Create the list view for donations
        Create the page for entering new donations into the database
        Create the database schema for donations (for now just store name of donor)
